User statistics: add matomo javascript code snippet (#342)
OSGeo/grass-website: content/about/privacy.md

---
title: "Privacy policy"
date: 2022-10-15T05:05:05+05:00
layout: "general"
---

### Privacy policy

#### Analytics

**Matomo**

> This website uses the open source web analytics service [Matomo](https://matomo.org/). Matomo uses technologies that enable the recognition of the user across pages for the analysis of user behaviour (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). The information collected by Matomo about the use of this website is stored on our server. The IP address is anonymised before storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website uses the open source web analytics service [Matomo](https://matomo.org/). Matomo uses technologies that enable the recognition of the user across pages for the analysis of user behaviour. In our case no cookies are collected. The information collected by Matomo about the use of this website is stored on our server. The IP address is anonymised before storage.
```

> With the help of Matomo, we are able to collect and analyse data about the use of our website by website visitors. This enables us to find out, among other things, when which page views were made and from which region they come. We also collect various log files (e.g. IP address, referrer, browsers and operating systems used) and can measure whether our website visitors perform certain actions (e.g. clicks, purchases, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the help of Matomo, we are able to collect and analyse data about the use of our website by website visitors. This enables us to find out, among other things, when which page views were made and from which region they come. We also collect various log files (e.g. IP address, referrer, browsers and operating systems used) and can measure whether our website visitors perform certain actions (e.g. clicks, downloads, etc.).
```

The use of this analysis tool is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the anonymised analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both its website and its advertising. If a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR and § 25 para. 1 TTDSG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user’s terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. The consent can be revoked at any time.

**IP anonymisation**

We use IP anonymisation for the analysis with Matomo. This means that your IP address is shortened before analysis so that it can no longer be clearly assigned to you.

> If you do not agree to the storage and use of your data, you can deactivate the storage and use here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which prevents Matomo from storing usage data. If you delete your cookies, this will have the effect that the Matomo opt-out cookie will also be deleted. The opt-out must be reactivated when you visit our site again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I assume that this section isn't relevant any more? Just to avoid confusion.
(@lucadelu what do you think?)

> If you do not agree with the storage and use of your data, you can disable this feature here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser to prevent Matomo from storing your usage data. If you delete your cookies, this will mean that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted. You will then need to reactivate it when you return to our site if you wish your activity not to be tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(the same)
